player Object:
var player = {};
player.ID = integer; ID number for that tournament. Does not persist outside of a tournament.
player.fullName = string; Likely the most unique identifier outside of a tournament.
player.email = string; Primary contact for player. Should not persist outside of a tournament?
player.shortNames = [shortName1,shortName2,etc.]; Array of shortened names of a player. Use the first-most name that doesn't collide with another player. If the player has a nickname, this array will only contain that name.
player.shortName = string; The short name they
player.stillPlaying = boolean; If the player is still playing (true) or if they've dropped (false) from the tournament.
player.paid = boolean; If the player has paid their registration for the tourmament.
player.club = string; What club or region the player is from. Pairer can avoid pairing players from the same region against each other.
player.faction = string; What in-game faction (guild, race, country etc.) the player is using. Maybe prefer different factions in consecutive rounds?

SQL structure (layout?)
schema: nameschema
  table: shortenednames
    column: long names (primary)
    column: shortened names
  table: nicknames
    column: real name
    column: nickname
schema: tournament00000000 // 'tournament' plus a unique 8 digit number between 1 and 99999999(...998?) - 18 characters total
  table: infotable(?)
    column: tournament name
    column: tournament date - Automatically remove the oldest tournament once we approach the database limit.
    column: completed - Flag set by a control on the Final Standings page?
  table: playertable
    column: id (Primary?)
    column: fullname
    column: email(!)
    column: shortnames (csv array?)
    column: shortname (shortest unique shortname)
    column: stillplaying (boolean)
    column: paid
    column: club
    column: faction
    column: opponentids (csv array?)
    column: tablenumbers (csv array?)
    column: score (int) Primary score of the tournament
    column: tiebreaka
    column: tiebreakb
    column: tiebreakc
  table: pairingstable
    column: round
    column: player1 - id. Retrieve full name from table before sending to Elo site.
    column: player2
    column: result - 0: Unplayed, 1: Player 1 victory, 2: Player 2 victory, 3: Draw (For exporting to Elo site)
